RemoteJoy for PSPLINK v1.0 (c) TyRaNiD 2006

This is an example of the Asynchronous Provider Framework (APF) for PSPLINK, 
it allows you to use a PC joypad connected to a Linux machine to control the
PSP as if you were using the real joypad.

It is a demo of what could be done with the APF and is not really designed
to be worthwhile, however it could be useful for presentational work where
the PSP is fixed into a stand and you don't want to have to touch the PSP 
itself. 

So how to use?

First build the PC application, at this point you may want to create a mapfile
to ensure the buttons are mapped correctly and so you can use analog control
if your PC joypad supports it. Run the PC remotejoy application with the -b
switch passing in the name of the mapfile (i.e. -b mymap.txt). You also need to
supply the device filename of the joystick as the last paramter (this is usually
/dev/js0 or /dev/input/js0 depending on your version of linux). This starts a
simple configuration system which will ask you to either move a joystick or 
press a button. If your pad does not support analogue input and you dont want
to map a digital pad to it when asked for the analogue input just press a button
instead. At this point you can edit the file and tweak the tol:num value if you 
mapped the digital input to an analogue stick. Valid values are between 0 and 
32767.

Now run the remotejoy application with the name of the device file again but this
time specify the -m option passing in the name of the mapfile you created. Finally
run remotejoy.prx on the PSP and then load your game/application or even the VSH
and test it out.

Note that this is not persistent, you need to load it up before you want to use it
and it does not support either use of the latch functions (which may affect some
games possibly I do not know) or any of the special keys (such as home/note etc).

I have provided a mapping file for my MS Sidewinder USB gamepad so if you have that
you don't even need to make your own (unless you want to of course :P)

Anyway have fun.
